Woo connects you to interesting people every day based on your interests and lifestyle. We’ve created over 1 million matches just this year!  If you’re looking to meet new people, chat with likeminded singles; Woo is the dating app for you. Here you meet with interesting people based on your interest and lifestyle. Whether you're looking for casual dating or your special someone, our "Verified Profiles" ensure that you don't get unnecessary matches or haggled by creepers. Woo takes you beyond the casual flings & flirt & let you hook up with right one. Woo has helped millions of Indians, Asians, & Desi across the world to find, chat & meet, initiating a wonderful relationship.
 
Here’s how it works:
1. Woo recommends profiles to you based on your location and interests, we send you potential matches, who might interest you for chat or meet up in the real world
2. Anonymously like or dislike profile by swiping left or right, it’s simple! - Woo gives you the power to like or dislike someone without revealing your identity.
3. If you mutually like each other, it’s a match!  A private chat room will open between you and your match. You can then send text messages and interact with each other
 
• Use our amazing  TagSearch feature that helps you find people who share common interests with you, or if you really like someone send a ‘Crush’ to direct message them before you’ve even matched!
 
MORE FEATURES
• WooPlus: Upgrade to Woo Plus for premium features, including: See who’s visited you, liked you, revisit the profiles you skipped, and get unlimited likes.
 
• Woo Globe:  Find your girlfriend, boyfriend or lover anywhere across the globe, Woo goes beyond boundaries just swipe anywhere in the world or meet locals when you are traveling and search by location, ethnicity or religion.
 
• Boost: Be the first person to be seen by everyone around you as soon as they open the app. Get a week’s worth of visibility in 1 hour!
 
Testimonials:
 
“As a girl, it’s hard to find great people on dating apps. This app has made it really easy to meet Desis in the US and I love that!” -Priyanka C.
“It’s easy and it’s private. They’ve made it easy to connect to like-minded people and it’s never a dull conversation. A lot better than the other apps too!” - Samar G.
“Let me break it down. It’s not Tinder, it’s not Shaadi.com. Match with people you want to match with. This is an app for us.” - Jus Reign
“There’s always so much pressure around South Asian/Desi dating - I’ve tried Dil Mil, Truly Madly and many others, but have fallen in love with Woo!” -Raja P.
As always, if you have any questions or feedback we welcome them at match@getwoo.at
------------------------------------
 
You can always continue to use Woo free of charge. Woo Plus, which unlocks a few extra features, it is an auto-renewing subscription. If you decide to purchase Woo Plus, payment will be charged to your iTunes account, and your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period (depending on the pack purchased – for a one month subscription this will imply a renewal charge 24 hours within the end of one month). Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the iTunes Store after purchase. The current Woo Plus subscription price starts at $12.99 USD per month for monthly auto-renewal, $29.99 for auto-renewal once every 3 months and $39.99 for auto-renewal once every 6 months. Prices are in US dollars, may vary in countries other than the US, and are subject to change without notice. No cancellation of current subscriptions is allowed during the active subscription period. If you decide not to purchase Woo Plus, you can simply continue using Woo for free.
 
Privacy and Terms:
http://www.getwooapp.com/privacy.html
 
FAQ:
http://www.getwooapp.com/faq.html
U2opia mobile Pte Ltd Web SiteWoo - Dating App Support
